chore: 1.0.0-beta.68 (#447)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/changelog.md

# OpenAPI CLI changelog

## 1.0.0-beta.68 (2021-11-15)

### Fixes

> - Resolved an issue with hot reloading when running preview of reference docs with `openapi preview-docs`
> - Resolved an issue with page refresh when pagination is set to `item` or `section`
> - Resolved an issue with inlining external schema when components' names match
> - Resolved an issue with fetching hosted schema on Windows when bundling OAS definition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resolved an issue with hot reloading when running a preview of reference docs with `openapi preview-docs`.
- Resolved an issue with page refresh when pagination is set to `item` or `section`.
- Resolved an issue with inlining external schema when components' names match.
- Resolved an issue with fetching hosted schema on Windows when bundling OAS definitions.
```
